The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.
14R/32L is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney.
18R/36L is the runway name of the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews, Texas.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas.
11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
Helipad is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda.
Ardmore Airport is located in Auckland.
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
The German language is spoken in Belgium.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The leader of the Flemish region is the Flemish Government.
The Greek language is spoken in Greece.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Harrietstown is part of the United States.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the community of Madrid.
Four World Trade Centre is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Stephen Dilts is the chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Alan Shepard won the Distinguished Service Medal from the United States Navy.
Alan Shepard died in California.
William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11.
Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin is a United States national.
Elliot See served as a test pilot.
The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the University of Texas System.
The University of Texas at Austin's mascot is Hook'em.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena.
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.
The building of Adare Manor began in 1700.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland.
The inauguration date of the Akita Museum of Art was 2013-09-28.
The Mason School of Business is the current tenant of Alan B. Miller Hall.
B V Doshi is the architect of Amdavad ni Gufa.
Ampara Hospital is in the country of Sri Lanka.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1988-11-22.
The Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904.
Birmingham's postal code is B.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The leader of Japan is called Tarō Asō.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.
The English language is spoken in the Republic of Ireland.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
The area code for Abilene, Texas is 325.
Abilene is part of Texas.
The Mayor is the leader of Albany, Georgia.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
Albany, Oregon is in the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is called Albuquerque City Council.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas.
Amarillo is part of the United States.
The area code of Anaheim, California is 657.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County.
City Administrator is the title of the leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Ann Arbor, Michigan is led by the Mayor.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The elevation above the sea level in Antioch, California is 13.0.
The leader of California's 11th State Assembly district is called the leader.
Arlington, Texas has an elevation of 184.0 above sea level.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Auburn is part of Alabama.
California is in the United States.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia.
Georgia (U.S. state) is located within the United States.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Lee County, Alabama is in the state of Alabama.
Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Potter County, Texas is in Texas.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny.
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby.
Bananaman broadcasted by STV.
Bananaman first aired on 10/03/1983.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.
Bill Oddie was a child of Kate Hardie.
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin.
The full name of Bozo the Iron Man is Hugh Hazzard.
John Buscema won the Eagle Award (comics).
Marv Wolfman won the Eagle Award.
Ajo blanco is an alternative name for Ajoblanco.
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia but more specific to Java.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Squid is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.
The avocado belongs to the genus Persea.
Ayam penyet can be served hot.
Baked Alaska is a dessert.
Frangipane is an ingredient in bakewell tart.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International.
Chocolate is a variation of Barny Cakes.
Barny cakes contain 1.8g of protein.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy.
Binignit is from the Visayas region.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
A variation of a dessert is cake.
Ice cream is a type of dessert.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
Italians inhabit Italy.
Baduy are an ethnic group in Java.
Lemon belongs to the order of Rosids.
Mexicans live in Mexico.
Spanish is spoken in Mexico.
The language spoken in the Philippines is Arabic.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica.
The Atatürk Monument is made of bronze.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble.
The manager of 1 FC Koln is Peter Stoger.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
A.C. Lumezzane played in the 2014–15 Lega Pro season.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is "Asociación Deportiva".
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members.
The ground of AFC Fylde is The Fylde.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.
A.S. Roma played in the 2014-15 season in Serie A.
Frank de Boer is the manager of AFC Ajax.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenzen.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.
Vica is the manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Jens Härtel is in the SV Germania Schoneiche club.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Bury F.C.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Alba Iulia is in Romania.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover.
The ISBN number of A Long Long Way is 0-670-03380-4.
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
Madeleine L'Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English.
32024459 is the LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
The academic discipline of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Math.
The CODEN code for Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is APGPAC.
The OCLC number of Addiction (journal) is 27367194.
Addiction (journal) is published by Wiley-Blackwell.
The Administrative Science Quarterly has a LCCN number of 57059226.
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The American Journal of Mathematics has an impact factor of 1.337.
The novel Aenir followed Castle.
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red.
The genus of HIV is Lentivirus.
Wolf Solent is one of John Cowper Powys notable works.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States.
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas which is part of Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in India where the leader is T S Thakur.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is 618 feet above sea level.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, part of the community of Madrid.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in the Jinnah International Airport.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by the Schiphol Group and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas whose capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is of the Poales order.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is classed as a Monocotyledon.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and is located in Spata.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and is the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Alan Shepard retired on 1st August 1974 and was a crew member of Apollo 14.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a US national.
Buzz Aldrin, who was a fighter pilot, is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 and a fighter pilot.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where Coloured is an ethnic group.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London where the European Parliament is the leader.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall, Dublin.
3Arena, located at East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment who are located in Beverly Hills, California.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of Addis Ababa City Hall which is 42 m high.
Adisham Hall in Haputale, Sri Lanka has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the Tamil language is spoken.
The Alan B. Miller Hall was started on 30 March 2007 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B Miller Hall which was designed by Robert A M Stern.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka, the capital of which is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located on U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and René Goscinny.
Aurakles, also known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
The comic character, Ballistic, was created by Doug Moench and is also known as Kelvin Mao.
Bananaman stars Graeme Garden and was broadcast by the BBC.
Bill Oddie, born in Lancashire, starred in Bananaman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway, an American.
The Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is a dish from Spain.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which is from Andalusia.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia and contains banana leaf.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre contains squid and originates from Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which is from the region of the Valencian Community.
Squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal is a dish found in Java.
Sausage is an ingredient of Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader.
Bacon Explosion is a main course and includes bacon.
The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. It includes bread as an ingredient.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from France, the United States or China.
Baked Alaska comes from China where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Baked Alaska and cookie are types of dessert.
Bakewell pudding was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Lemon belongs to the genus Citrus and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy which comes from the Philippines.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow comes from the Singapore region where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji contains gram flour and is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and sago.
Sweet potato, which is a flowering plant, is an ingredient in binignit.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potatotes and the dish comes from the order of Solanales.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola.
Bionico is a dessert that can be varied by honey.
Ice cream is a type of dessert and Bionico is a type of dessert.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay which contains peanut sauce.
The inauguration date of the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) in Turkey is 1932-07-27.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is made of red granite and white marble.
The Dead Man's Plack, made of rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
A.C. Cesena play in the Serie B league which has Carpi F.C. 1909 as champions.
A.C. Chievo Verona play in Serie A and their ground is Stadio Marc Antonio Bentegodi.
The ground of A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for C.D. FAS.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the EPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer).
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer).
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is The Fylde.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and their ground is in Rome, Italy.
ACF Fiorentina play in Serie A, Italy.
Frank de Boer, manager of AFC Ajax, plays for Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax N.V. owns AFC Ajax and has 53502 members.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the 2014-15 Topklasse season.
AZAL Arena is located in Shuvalan and is the ground of AZAL PFK.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and the full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense". It has 17000 members.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Massimo Drago played for S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and published in E-book form.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and is available in hardcover.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems, abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst, has the CODEN code ATISET.
The AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom where the leader is Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Aenir preceded Above the Veil by Aenir.
Aenir is written in English and is followed by Above the Veil.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by Castle.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica is published by Springer Science + Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
The CODEN code for Administrative Science Quarterly is ASCQAG and it's abbreviated name is Admin. Sci. Q.
Cornell University, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The AIDS journal is part of the academic discipline of HIV, the family of Orthoretrovirinae.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. Its runway length is 1219.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and has a runway length of 4100.0. The runway name is 14L/32R.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Korean War and the Invasion of Grenada.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 733.0 and has a 1st runway made of Poaceae.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0. It is 210 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name is South Runway.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and is served by Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand)'s 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Poales.
Ashgabat International Airport is located at 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has the runway name 4/22.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon.
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded by David Scott.
Alan Shepard died in California on July 21, 1998. Dianne Feinstein is a Senator in California.
Buzz Aldrin, also known as Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and spent 52.0 minutes in space. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and died in California.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on the 23rd of July 1927.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933 and served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Cyril Ramaphosa is the leader of South Africa.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the leader is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups is the Coloured.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the leader is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York which is part of Erie County, New York.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which is located in Dublin and was completed in December 2008.
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by architect 3XN and is located in Denmark.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and owned by J.P. McManus.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of Addis Ababa City Hall which has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 metres.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 in the Tudor Revival style and is located in Sri Lanka.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on 27th September 2013 and has 3 floors and 3746.66 square metres of floor area.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and started on 30 March 2007.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William and Mary which is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States.
The College of William and Mary owns the Alan B. Miller Hall which was started on 30 March 2007 in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and was constructed in 1911. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Manhattan, New York City, United States.
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
The comic character Auron was created by Walt Simonson and Karl Kesel, an American.
Tony Hall, Baron Hall of Birkenhead, is a key person at the BBC which is located in London and broadcast Bananaman.
Bananaman first aired on STV on 3 October 1983 and starred Bill Oddie.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Bibbo Bibbowski is also known as Bo Bibbowski and was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Roland Desmond and was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Dan Mishkin.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco which is from Spain and is also known as Ajo blanco.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains water.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and chili pepper is an ingredient.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of Rome and is made with garlic.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. Squid is an ingredient in it.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal. Ayam penyet comes from the region of Malaysia and Java.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States and contains sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Barack Obama is the leader.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Condiments are used in the preparation of a bacon sandwich which originates from the United Kingdom.
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is served as a dessert.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Kidney beans are an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa, which originates from the Antioquia Department region.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone are leaders.
Barny cakes contain 18.0g of carbohydrates and 1.8g of protein. They can be varied by adding an apple.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader and the currency is the Singapore dollar.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Bhajji originates from India and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India where T.S. Thakur is the leader and Indian people are the inhabitants.
Bhajji originates from India where T.S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana. The dish comes from the Philippines.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico and contains raisins.
Celery belongs to the Apium genus and is a member of the Apiaceae family. It is an ingredient in Bakso.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a type of dessert. Cake is also a type of dessert.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. Baduy is an ethnic group from Java.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java where Ayam penyet can be found. The dish can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Arròs negre is from Spain where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan and has the name Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
A.C. Cesena's ground is in Cesena and they have 23900 members. They play in Serie B.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for the club S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and the Calcio Catania.
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the Lega Pro/A in 2014.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan. They have 10000 members and their ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Drogheda United F.C. and runs Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Drogheda United F.C. and Stockport County F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for KV Mechelen and Irlam Town FC.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and they have 3180 members. Their ground is at Warton Fylde.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played for Genoa C.F.C. and Real Madrid CF.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. (abbreviated to A.S. Roma) has 70634 members and their ground is in Rome, Italy.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Athens. They play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Hoofdklasse league in 2014.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League where AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members and played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was won by the Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School and they play at St. Vincent-St. Mary High School. K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League. K-W United FC have been champions of the league.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is in Athens, where the mayor is Giorgos Kaminis and the ground of AEK Athens FC is located.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland is Mario Botta. It has 600 students.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has the motto "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges river is also a river.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, whose leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the patron saint of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Universitas Apulensis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. It has 737 academic staff.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print with the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California, is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, has 512 pages and is available in E-Book format.
1634: The Ram Rebellion by Eric Flint is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al and has 512 pages.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) comes under the academic discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) comes under the academic discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1558-2868.
The AIDS (journal) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances, published by American Institute of Physics.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) is edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and has the CODEN code AAIDBI.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Long Long Way was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain and was followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader.
PS3523.E55 S4 1982 is the OCLC number for A Severed Wasp which is in print and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in print with the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Above the Veil was written in Australia and was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by Castle.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar) has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 1588-2632.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics. Its ISSN number is 0236-5294.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.
The journal Addiction (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in print and has the OCLC number 45644811.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
Admin. Sci. Q is the abbreviation for Administrative Science Quarterly which was founded by Sara Miller McCune and published by SAGE Publications.
AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom whose leader is David Cameron.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas, United States and has a runway length of 1,121.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18R/36L and the runway length is 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand and is 167.94 metres above sea level.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter. The United States Air Force was involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter. The United States Air Force has fought battles in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, whose aircraft fighters include the Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle. The United States Air Force was involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an aircraft fighter and the Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport in Punjab.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. Its runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan and its length is 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital and English is the language. The people of Texas are known as Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the people are called Texans and the language is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Spanish is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city and Austin is the capital.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is located in the Flemish Region, Belgium. The Flemish Government is the jurisdiction of the Flemish Region.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin which is part of Menasha and Dale, Wisconsin.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales and the order of Commelinids.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 34 meters above sea level and has a 3rd runway made of poaceae. The runway name is 03R/21L and it has a length of 597.0.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 1873.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the order of Commelinids.
Alan Bean is a US national who was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He retired on August 1st, 1974.
Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire) was a test pilot who died in California.
Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire) was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA.
Alan Bean was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey, United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, which is affiliated to the University of Texas system. Elliot See died in St. Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 1927-07-23. He died in St. Louis on 1966-02-28.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01 and was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was commanded by Frank Borman. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. The leader of South Africa is Cyril Ramaphosa and one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, which is governed by the Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue, with a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres) and a floor count of 12, was started in January 2014 and has 12 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, owned by Bella Center, has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3XN. The hotel is also the tenant of Marriott International.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1927 and is located in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the Tamil language is spoken there.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1927 and is located in the Tudor Revival style.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The architect of Alan B Miller Hall was Robert A M Stern.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India where the leader is T S Thakur.
Ampara Hospital is located in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Asilomar State Beach and the Asilomar State Beach.
California born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Riverside Art Museum.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States. Manhattan is part of New Netherland.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the postcode area of B. John Clancy is a Labour politician.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, whose leader is called the President and whose capital city is Washington DC.
Bananaman first aired on STV on 3 October 1983 and was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon, Dan Mishkin and the Puerto Rican national, Larry Bolatinsky.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Damon Wayans Jr. and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Maya Rudolph and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia in Spain. The main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is from the Andalusia region of Spain and contains water.
Arem-arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine. It contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arem-arem is a main course served nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the country is Washington D.C.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and can be found in the United Kingdom. It includes brown sauce as an ingredient and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from the countries of France, United States and China. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. Baked Alaska is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from the US and is popular in Paris, New York and Hong Kong.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and is from the Derbyshire Dales region. Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales region. It is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Peanut sauce is one of the main ingredients of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay. Batagor contains fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and is found in Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient of Batagor.
Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients of beef kway teow. It comes from Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and English is spoken in Singapore.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Bhajji originates from India where Sumitra Mahajan and T.S. Thakur are leaders. Indian people inhabit India.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where T.S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
Binignit is a dessert that contains sweet potato, a food from the Solanales order.
Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and Chinese dish Bakso is a traditional dish.
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a leader and Baduy is an ethnic group.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java where Tony Tan is the leader and Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
The Ilocano people and the Moro people are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where the language spoken is Philippine Spanish and Batchoy is eaten.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the Euro. Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups of Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast and Cumberland County, Maryland to its north.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan. The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. Azerbaijan's legislature is the National Assembly. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. (abbreviated to A.C. Chievo Verona) has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona, Italy. They played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane and was born in Italy. He is in the Torino F.C. club and plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. They played in the 2014 season and have 5300 members.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. The club played in the 2014 season and has 5300 members.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is "Livorno Calcio S.p.A." and they have 19238 members. Livorno Calcio played in Serie B in 2014-15.
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. They have 70634 members and their ground is in Rome. They played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League where AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League, which AZAL PFK play in. Their ground is located at the AZAL Arena and they have 3500 members.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eehoorn. He also plays for Istanbulspor A.Ş.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's nickname is Asa Gigante. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. The champions of this league are Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions of this league in 2015.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault" and they have 3000 members. The club played in the 2011 PDL season.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States, where K-W United FC have been champions of the Premier Development League.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. Italian is the language spoken in Italy.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the official language is Italian. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
The fullname of AS Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC are the champions.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Belgaum. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Mumbai.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which is lead by Klaus Iohannis and has Bucharest as its capital. The country's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. It has 737 academic staff.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages and is available as an E book. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS (journal) is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and published in print. The OCLC number is 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
A Long Long Way, published by Viking Press, was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Severed Wasp was produced in print and has the OCLC number of 8805735 and the ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American. The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and an OCLC number of 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and published in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Addiction Journal (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction and has the LCCN number 93645978 and the ISSN number 1360-0443.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The American Journal of Mathematics (Am. J. Math) is published bi-monthly and has the abbreviation of Am. J. Math. It comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics. It was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken and the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Jones County, Texas in the United States. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0.
Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of Abilene in Texas. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and the runway name is 17L/35R.
Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level and serves the city of Abilene in Texas. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and the runway name is 17R/35L.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid and operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4349.0. The airport is 610 metres above sea level.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF deploys the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. The USAF battles in the United States invasion of Panama.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama. The Lockheed AC-130 can be found on the USAF aircraft carrier, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Shehbaz Sharif is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0. The runway name is 11/29.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the capital is Austin. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It serves the city of Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It has a runway length of 4000.0 and is 159 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works. It serves the city of Antwerp and has a runway length of 600.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. The airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, United States and serves the city of Appleton. Greenville is part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and has a runway length of 1411.0 and a 3rd runway surface made of poaceae. The runway name is 03R/21L and is 34 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. The runway name is 12R/30L.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and it has a length of 1873.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium which is lead by the Flemish government.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on 18 November 1923. He graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957. He died in California on 21 July 1998.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He is deceased.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. He spent 100305 minutes in space and was the backup pilot of Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system. The university is competing in the Big 12 Conference. Gregory L. Fenves is the president of the University of Texas.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on 28 February 1966.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St. Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system.
William Anders was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 along with Buzz Aldrin. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom where the currency is pound sterling and the capital city is London. 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York cost 110 million dollars to construct and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres. The building was started in January 2014.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. The leader of Dublin is Dáil Éireann.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was started in 1927 and completed in 1931. It is located at St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. The language of Sri Lanka is Tamil.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and one of the ethnic groups is the Japanese people.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The leader of Gujarat is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and Austin Fernando is the leader.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, the Hearst Castle and the Chinatown in San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located at Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. It was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States. The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is governed by the City Council and has the postcode area of B.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leaders of Ethiopia are Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the language and John Roberts is the leader. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the language and Joe Biden is the leader. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was first aired on 3 October 1983 and last aired on 15 April 1986.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia, Spain.
The main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil. It comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a dish from the Javanese cuisine region of Indonesia. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language is Indonesian.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and the capital city is Rome. Italian is the language spoken in Italy and the people are called Italians.
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The leader of Spain is Ximo Puig and the country is lead by Felipe VI.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Chinese are ethnic groups in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Malaysia's leader is Arifin Zakaria and its ethnic group is Malaysian Chinese.
Ayam penyet is a popular dish from Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. The main ingredients are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the English language is spoken. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Carrie Larcher and French is spoken. The country is the location of Hong Kong where the leader is Gerard Larcher.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of the Derbyshire Dales region. One of the variations of Bakewell pudding is Bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry.
Bandeja paisa is a Columbian dish from the Paisa region. It includes lemon which is a member of the Rutaceae family.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region of Columbia. Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa and is part of the Rosids family.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. Barny cakes contain sponge cake.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago. France is led by Gérard Larcher and the French language is spoken.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala. The Indian people are the inhabitants of India.
Bionico is a dessert found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico. The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero. A variation of Bionico is cake.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico. Cake is also a dessert.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is in the County of Derbyshire. Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart which is made with frangipane.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire. Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains frangipane.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the capital city is Jakarta and the language spoken is Indonesian. Bakso is a food found in Indonesia.
Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader. Ayam penyet is also found in Java, where Baduy is an ethnic group.
The Ilocano people and the Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language and Batchoy is eaten.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Ajoblanco originates from Spain where Felipe VI is the leader and the Spanish language is spoken. The currency in the country is the euro and Spaniards are the inhabitants.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west, Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial, which was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan and is made of red granite and white marble. The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is located. The club is managed by Stuart Parker who plays for both Chesterfield FC and KV Mechelen.
The manager of AEK Athens F.C. is Gus Poyet. Poyet played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C. He is also the manager of AEK Athens. The champions of the Superleague Greece are Olympiacos FC.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is in competition with Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is in competition with Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They have 17000 members and have Vila Nova Futebol Clube as champions.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and its founder is Kempe Gowda. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The Prime Minister of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 academic staff.
The book The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber. It was followed by A Long Long Way and The Secret Scripture. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber and was preceded by A Long Long Way which was written in Ireland. White people are an ethnic group in Ireland.
The novel Into Battle was followed by Aenir which was preceded by The Violet Keystone and Aenir which was preceded by The Violet Keystone.
Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is also the nickname of Cornell Big Red.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and the language is English. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the US.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language of the United States and is the language of Great Britain.
David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom where English is the language. The capital city is London and the AIDS journal is published there.
David Cameron and Elizabeth II are leaders in the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is the language spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission. David Scott was the commander of the mission.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He retired on August 1st, 1974 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California on July 21, 1998. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 11 crew. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis on 28 February 1966.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on 23 July 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on the 1st of September 1969.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of bronze and was designed by Pietro Canonica. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and it's director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is in the state of Karnataka. It was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. It was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is also the location of the 'Tennis' sport which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The country's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. Andrew the Apostle is the patron saint of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. The country's leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot who was a member of the crew of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. He is now retired.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. and became a test pilot. He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission. David Scott was the commander of the mission.
American Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a crew member of Apollo 14. He died in California.
American Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 crew. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was an American who was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and became a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system. He served as a test pilot and died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot. He died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. and became a fighter pilot. He retired on September 1, 1969.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property. Cumberland County is to the north of Adams County and Carrol County is to the southeast.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of bronze and was designed by Pietro Canonica. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey, where the currency is the Turkish lira. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and is located in Azerbaijan, which is led by the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and it has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor, in the state of Kerala, India, which has Mahe, India to its northwest. The largest city in India is Mumbai, and the largest river in India is the Ganges. The college has 250 academic staff.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
